[MUSIC PLAYING]
In this video, we'll see how
to edit basic video properties.
The Videos page provides
an easy-to-use interface
for managing the
videos in your account.
The body of the page will list
all the videos in the account.
Clicking on a video title
will open the Video properties
page, where you can see
all the video properties.
The properties are
organized into sections.
I'm going to edit the Video
Information properties.
To edit the properties,
click the Edit button,
or double-click in a section.
I'll start by adding
a short description.
I'm also going to assign
a video content type.
By selecting a
video content type,
Brightcove can
compile your analytics
with those of similar videos and
provide more robust analytics,
like Brightcove's
Video Benchmark Score.
Finally, tags are
a set of keywords
that can be assigned to a
video and facilitate searching.
So I'll add some tags.
When I'm done, I'll click Save.
To go back to the
list of videos,
I'll click the
Back to Videos link
in the top left of the page.